Privacy Policy


1. DEFINITIONS
   1. “Club” means NTERISK LIMITED a company duly registered and existing under the laws of Cyprus with registration number 335800 and with registered office at 1 Vasilika, 2540 Dali, Nicosia, Cyprus.


   1. “Contract Term” means the initial three (3) year period starting at the first consecutive month after the Member has paid the Registration Fee. Membership will be renewed automatically for additional periods of 3 years at the time until the agreement is terminated by either party in accordance with these terms.


   1. “Member” means the person who is named on the Application for Membership form, including his/her spouse (where applicable) as is to be indicated on the Application for Membership form and for whom, following acceptance of his/her application, the Club has agreed to provide services to, in accordance with the Club’s Terms and Conditions.


   1. “Membership” means the period of time when a person is a Member of the Club and until the agreement is terminated by either party in accordance with the Club’s Terms and Conditions. Membership includes all types of membership made available by the Club as described in the Terms and Conditions.


   1. “Monthly Payments” means the payments due to the Club, namely the Membership Fee and Additional Payments, at monthly intervals throughout the Contract Term and thereafter until the agreement is terminated by either party in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 


   1. "Membership Fee" means the payments due to the Club at monthly intervals throughout the Contract Term based on the Membership type chosen by the member net' after discount and thereafter until the agreement is terminated by either party in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.


   1. "Additional Payments" means the payments due to the Club and/or third parties during the Contract Term based on additional services.


   1. “Registration Fee” means the one-off payment made by the Member to the Club to cover initial administration and registration costs.


   1. “Specified Service” means the services provided by the Club to a Member.


   1. “Website” means the Internet portal of SKY which is accessible at www.skygroup.eu






1. PREAMBLE
   1. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) covers the Club’s treatment of personally identifiable information collected by or submitted to the Club, including information submitted via the Internet, by telephone, mail or otherwise. The Club understands and respects the Member’s desire for privacy and will make reasonable efforts to use personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


   1. By using the Website and agreeing to this Privacy Policy, the Member consents to the Club’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this Policy.


1. ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
   1. When applying for membership with the Club, the Member confirms that he/she has read and agrees to be bound by the present Privacy Policy. The Club may at any time, in its sole discretion, revise this Privacy Policy by updating it on this Website. Members are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit the Website to review the current Privacy Policy.


1. INFORMATION COLLECTION
   1. It is the Club’s policy not to request or collect especially sensitive personal information, such as religious preferences, racial or ethnic background or other similar forms of data.[a]


   1. The Club collects personally identifiable information that the Member provides to it through the Membership Application form, over the Internet (especially via the Website), by e-mail, regular mail or by phone, from third parties that give the Member’s information to the Club and through other legal means.


   1. For the purposes set forth below the Club may collect information in any of the following categories[b]:


1. The Member’s name, physical address, e-mail address, telephone numbers, date of birth, information regarding use of the Specified Service, occupation, background information relevant to the application for Membership and other information relevant to responding to the Member’s inquiries and providing the Specified Service to the Member.
2. Information as in (a) above for the Member’s spouse (where applicable) who shall also be eligible for the Specified Service.
3. Financial information about the Member such as credit card numbers, billing addresses, expiration date etc. in order to facilitate the billing and payment of the Monthly Payments.
4. Information about the Member’s computer and about his/her visits to and use of this Website (including his/her IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths).


   1. Before the Member discloses to the Club the personal information of another person, i.e. his/her spouse (where applicable), he/she must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this Policy.


   1. In case the Member’s information is provided by a third party, the Club shall take reasonable steps to establish that the third party had the authority to provide such information to the Club.


   1. The Club shall notify the Member which information is obligatory which is optional. If the Member does not wish to provide the Club with the requested information it may do so. If the information refused to be provided is obligatory information the Club retains the right to refuse membership. If the information refused to be provided by the Member is optional the Club shall not be held liable for not being able to respond to enquiries or provide the Specified Service as a result.  


1. USING THE MEMBER’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
   1. Personal information submitted to the Club will be used for the purposes specified in this Policy or on the relevant pages of the Website. 


   1. The Club may use the Member’s personal information to[c]:


1. Administer the Website and its business;
2. Provide the Specified Service;
3. Send statements, invoices and payment reminders to the Member and collect payments from the Member;
4. Send to the Member e-mail notifications that were specifically requested by the Member;
5. Send to the Member the Club’s newsletter, if the Member has so requested (the Member can inform the Club at any time if he/she no longer requires the newsletter);
6. Send to the Member marketing communications relating to the Club’s business or the business of carefully selected third parties, which the Club considers may be of interest to the Member, by e-mail (the Member may inform the Club at any time of he/she no longer requires marketing communications);
7. Provide third parties with statistical information about the Club’s members (but those third parties will not be able  to identify any individual Member from that information;[d]
8. Keep the Website secure and prevent fraud;


   1. The Club will not, without the Member’s express consent, supply his/her personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party’s direct marketing.


1. DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
   1. The Club may disclose the Member’s personal information to any of their employees, officers, insurers and agents insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.[e]


   1. The Club may disclose the Member’s personal information to any member of its group of companies (this means its subsidiaries, its ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.[f]


   1. The Club may disclose the Member’s personal information:


1. To the extent that it is required to do so by law;
2. In connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
3. In order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights (including providing information to others for purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
4. To the purchaser or prospective purchaser of the Club’s business.


   1. Except as provided in this Policy, the Club will not provide the Member’s personal information to third parties.


1. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS[g]


1. RETAINING PERSONAL INFORMATION
   1. This section sets out the Club’s data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that the Club complies with its legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.


   1. Personal information that the Club processes for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or purposes.


   1. Without prejudice to section 8.2 above, the Club will usually delete personal data within …… years of the Member ceasing its Membership with the Club.


   1. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section 8, the Club will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:


1. To the extent that it is required to do so by law;
2. If the Club believes that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
3. In order to establish, exercise or defend the Club’s legal rights (including providing information to others for purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).


1. SECURITY OF MEMBERS PERSONAL INFORMATION
   1. The Club shall take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.


   1. The Club will store all the personal information provided by the Member on its secure servers (password and firewall protected).[h]


   1. The Member acknowledges that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure and the Club cannot guarantee the security of the data sent over the internet.


   1. Log-in [i]


1. MINORS
   1. The Website and Specified Service are not directed towards individuals under 18 years old (“Minors”) nor does the Club knowingly collect information from Minors.


1. MEMBER’S RIGHTS
   1. The Member may instruct the Club to provide him/her with any personal information it holds about him/her; provision of such information will be subject to:
1. The payment of fee (currently fixed at Euro 17[j]) and;
2. The supply of appropriate evidence of the Member’s identity (for this purpose the Club will accept photocopy of the Member’s passport certified by a lawyer or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing the Member’s current address).


   1. The Club may withhold personal information that the Member may request to the extent permitted by law. 


   1. The Member may instruct the Club at any time not to process his/her personal information for marketing purposes.


   1. In practice the Member will either expressly agree in advance to the Club’s use of his/her personal information for marketing purposes or the Club will provide the Member with an opportunity to opt out of the use of his/her personal information for marketing purposes.


1. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
   1. The Website includes hyperlinks to and details of third party websites[k].


   1. The Club has no control over and is not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.


1. UPDATING INFORMATION
   1. The Member should inform the Club within reasonable time if the personal information it holds about him/her needs to be corrected or updated.


1. COOKIES
   1. The Website uses cookies.[l]


   1. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.


   1. Type of Cookies[m]


   1. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. However blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.


   1. If the Member blocks cookies, he/she will not be able to use all the features on the Website.


   1. Cookies already stored on the computer can be deleted. Deleting cookies has a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
-[n]




1. GENERAL
   1. In case of any questions about this Privacy Policy the Member should contact the Club. 


   1. Notices to the Club are to be sent to its registered address.


   1. No failure or delay by either party in exercising any of its rights under this Policy shall be deemed to be a waiver of that right and no waiver by either party of any breach of these terms by the other shall be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.


   1. If any provision of this Policy is held by any court or other competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions and the remainder of the said provision shall not be affected.


   1. Cyprus law shall apply to this Policy and the parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the Cyprus courts.


 
[a]Kindly advise if this is applicable otherwise to be revised accordingly
[b]Kindly advise if any other personal information will be collected so as to include accordingly.
[c]Please advise if the information will be needed for anything else so as to include accordingly.
[d]Please advise if these are applicable.
[e]Kindly advise if any 3rd parties will be used to provide the Services to whom information shall be send, so as to include them here.
[f]Please advise if this is applicable.
[g]Kindly advise if personal data collected would be transferred to third countries as in this case the permission of the Data Protection Commissioner in Cyprus will be required.
[h]Please confirm
[i]Kindly advise if there will be option of log-in to the website by the members so as to include relevant provision.
[j]Please note that this set by relevant Cyprus law.
[k]Please confirm.
[l]Please confirm
[m]Kindly advise as to the type of cookies that are to be used on the Website,, i.e. persistent or session or both, so as to include relevant provisions.
[n]Kindly advise if the software to be used for the Website includes any other features that need to be included in the Policy as they affect personal information.